docs: Add documentation how to delete a T4C project (#1091)
DSD-DBS/capella-collab-manager: docs/user/docs/tools/capella/teamforcapella/project-management/project-management.md

<!--
 ~ SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Copyright DB Netz AG and the capella-collab-manager contributors
 ~ SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
 -->

> # TeamForCapella project management

Reviewer: I was wondering whether we want to have a look at using [title case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Title_case#Chicago_Manual_of_Style) throughout our docs or whether that is maybe just a minor enhancement

Author: As this is not consistently used currently - let's address it in another PR. We agreed on using the "Chicago Manual of Style" for all titles, but should also apply to all existing titles.

Author: EDIT: Changed the one specific occurrence.

repositories, refer to the
[TeamForCapella repository management](../repository-management.md) guide.

## Create a new TeamForCapella project

1. Make sure that you have a T4C repository available. If not, refer to the
   [TeamForCapella repository management](../repository-management.md) guide.
1. Create an empty Capella project in your workspace. Then, export it to the
   T4C repository. For more information, refer to the
   [TeamForCapella project export](../export/export-to-t4c.md) guide.

## Delete a TeamForCapella project

!!! warning

    To delete a TeamForCapella project, you have to be global administrator in Collaboration Manager.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
1. Open a persistent Capella session and connect to it.
1. Enable the TeamForCapella administration capability: <br /> `Window` >
   `Preferences` > `General` > `Capabilities`:
   ![Activate TeamForCapella administration capabilities](./activate-t4c-administration-guide.png)
   Then close the dialog.
1. Open the Capella search and search for `CDO Sessions (CDO)` and open it.
1. Add a new CDO connection:
   ![Add a new CDO connection](./add-new-cdo-session.png).

> 1. Enter the connection string for the TeamForCapella server. There two ways to
>    find it out. Make sure that the host is prefixed with `tcp://`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter the connection string for the TeamForCapella server. There two ways to
   find the correct one. Make sure that the host is prefixed with `tcp://`.
```
